# Day 11 Completed
## Topics:
Review of previous topics

## Project Name:
Blackjack - Capstone Project

## Project Description:
This project is a simple text-based blackjack game. It asks the user if they want to play a game of blackjack. If they do, it deals them two cards and prints out the cards they were dealt. It then asks the user if they want to hit or stand. If they hit, it deals them another card and prints out the card they were dealt. It then asks the user if they want to hit or stand. If they stand, it prints out the cards they were dealt and the total value of the cards. It then deals the dealer two cards and prints out the cards the dealer was dealt. It then deals the dealer another card and prints out the card the dealer was dealt. It then deals the dealer another card and prints out the card the dealer was dealt. It then prints out the total value of the dealer's cards. It then compares the total value of the user's cards and the total value of the dealer's cards. If the total value of the user's cards is greater than the total value of the dealer's cards, it prints out a message saying the user won. If the total value of the user's cards is less than the total value of the dealer's cards, it prints out a message saying the user lost. If the total value of the user's cards is equal to the total value of the dealer's cards, it prints out a message saying the game was a draw. It then asks the user if they want to play another game of blackjack. If they do, it deals them two cards and prints out the cards they were dealt. It then asks the user if they want to hit or stand. If they hit, it deals them another card and prints out the card they were dealt. It then asks the user if they want to hit or stand. If they stand, it prints out the cards they were dealt and the total value of the cards. It then deals the dealer two cards and prints out the cards the dealer was dealt. It then deals the dealer another card and prints out the card the dealer was dealt. It then deals the dealer another card and prints out the card the dealer was dealt. It then prints out the total value of the dealer's cards. It then compares the total value of the user's cards and the total value of the dealer's cards. If the total value of the user's cards is greater than the total value of the dealer's cards, it prints out a message saying the user won.